# License Notes
This directory contains files generated by Embedded Coder(R).
These files are deployed in accordance with the license agreement.

See [Embedded Coder](https://mathworks.com/products/embedded-coder.html)

## 3.2. Coder Programs

This Section discusses the deployment rights MathWorks grants you in
conjunction with your license and use of the Coder Programs: 1) MATLAB
Coder, 2) Simulink Coder, 3) Embedded Coder, 4) HDL Coder, 5) Filter Design
HDL Coder, 6) Simulink PLC Coder, and 7) GPU Coder.

The Coder Programs take content that you choose to input. Depending on the
Coder Program you use, the input could be a Simulink model, a Stateflow
diagram, or MATLAB code. The Coder Program then converts this input to code
in C/C++, VHDL/Verilog or PLC structured text.  You may copy and deploy
these Generated Forms for use outside of the Programs.

In order to enable this output code to work, each of these Coder Programs
will link in certain files proprietary to MathWorks, which may include C,
C++, Assembly, linker command files, template makefiles, project files, or
TLC source code files. You may only copy, modify, and deploy these
proprietary MathWorks files in Source Code or Linked Object Code form for
different development targets when used with the Coder Programs or with
code generated by the Coder Programs as part of, and only as required by, a
larger standalone application. A standalone application is an Application
created using programming languages and tools other than the Programs,
which executes outside of the Programs.